Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-4.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-5.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-6.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-7.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-8.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-9.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-10.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-11.png
Referencing: tweetdeck-20180227-12.png

Prerequisite: complex environment
Prerequisite: mixed signals over complex environment
Prerequisite: well known hijacking game
Prerequisite: national defense optical politics
Prerequisite: integrity of free space optics

Comments:

The first opinion is that this is not to be understood as more than an
elementary step in a game of confidence and credibility.  In this
view, the observer has elected to grant the "intel" column the
appearance of a constructive (vaguely related or integrated) sequence
of optical "signals".

Theory:

In terms of game theory, we may imagine that this conclusion is in the
interest of all parties.  

/GT/ The antogonist wishes to deflate the observation of antagonism,
and the protagonist wishes to inflate the observation of
protagonism. /GT/

Conjecture:

The association of cabinet level actors and their teams with
incredulity annd constitutional antagony is maintained.

The association of the FBI with the role of a constitutional
protagonist is maintained.

A high altitude picture of constitutional conflict is an assumption
derived from the experience of observation, and is maintained over the
appearance of diverse and continuous situational and signaling
adaptations.

The gaming of personal, personnel, constitutional, and international
"conflicts" in the interpretation of optics would be a natural
expectation.

Playing the optical messaging as a game of bait and switch, as against
substance and significance, as against the exposure of the evident,
would be a natural expectation.

Playing the continuity of politics, messaging, and optics as a "work
in progress" or "force of power" would be a natural expectation.

The constitutional protagonist is situated with "work in progress",
and the constitutional antagonist is situated with "force of power".

Caveat:

Of course, these channels are components of an open spectrum of
individuals and organizations that may employ these devices for any of
an unknown variety of purposes.  The assumption of an ability to apply
a particular context of constitutional conflict and international
subterfuge has been elected for the benefit of the reader.

